hello for me unpacking
another package from us
and positive quadcopter from the store
banggood.com
such a box he came a colleague
as always helps in unpacking
let's see what you
on
such a box inside
this is our su-15 24 hours
quadcopter se 022
quadcopter market itself and cogs classes
such soft still not lucky with paper
are made
control equipment is seen on
hubsan x4
English instruction is pretty
such a decent so skinny grade
we have an additional tool for
removing the screws here it is
Jo Nesbø replacement charger 4
screws and 4 protections for wreaths
look
dishonestly eats from as many as 6 micro
finger batteries all see if
somewhere near at hand I turn on without him
leg so here it glows green
strong light
battery is removed about
battery written 300 milliamps in
hour
At this volt, Tristan Winter per hour
such a standard plastic connector
transparent inside
vlad confidently interesting design
reminds of something
another model
remind ginger and 1000
but g jersey thousands and cogs
seals a lot like found 6 batteries
micro packs try when fancies yourself
to lead
There is no screen on the equipment
spending adventure top of the flick
Anton antenna rather with sham in
such devices it just does not need
I try to turn on
but
not front LED but there is no moment
glows and the remote beeps constantly for flight
show that the discharge batteries on
detailed information can be seen
subscribe to the channel in the full review
put likes to tell friends about him
ask questions all answer all
until